[PL-48711] Document that 'Secret Identifier' will now allow - (hyphen… (#6131)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/references/entity-identifier-reference.md

Identifiers have the following restrictions:

* Identifiers must start with a-z, A-Z, or \_. Identifiers can then be followed by 0-9, a-z, A-Z, \_, $ or -. 

	:::note

> 	Custom roles cannot start with an underscore( _ ) because Harness-managed role identifiers start with an underscore.
> 	Hyphen( - ) is only applicable to Secrets.
> 	:::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Custom roles cannot start with an underscore ( _ ) because Harness-managed role identifiers start with an underscore.
	Hyphens ( - ) are only applicable to Secrets.
	:::
```

Identifiers have the following restrictions:

> * Identifiers must start with a-z, A-Z, or \_. Identifiers can then be followed by 0-9, a-z, A-Z, \_, $ or -.

Reviewer 2: +1

> * Identifiers must start with a-z, A-Z, or \_. Identifiers can then be followed by 0-9, a-z, A-Z, \_, $ or -.

Author: @namanharness Do you want me to add a line "This is applicable only for Secrets"
Would this work?

> * Identifiers must start with a-z, A-Z, or \_. Identifiers can then be followed by 0-9, a-z, A-Z, \_, $ or -.

Reviewer 2: yeah some explicit mention that we support this only for Secrets as of now should work

> * Identifiers must start with a-z, A-Z, or \_. Identifiers can then be followed by 0-9, a-z, A-Z, \_, $ or -.

Author: Okay, thanks
